[CELEBORN-870][DOC] Document on usage together with Gluten (#1784)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/developers/glutensupport.md

---
license: |
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
  contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
  this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

>   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Reviewer: nit: fix the intend

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
---

# Gluten Support
## Velox Backend

[Gluten](https://github.com/oap-project/gluten) with velox backend supports Celeborn as remote shuffle service. Below introduction is used to enable this feature

First refer to this URL(https://github.com/oap-project/gluten/blob/main/docs/get-started/Velox.md) to build Gluten with velox backend.

> When compiling the Gluten java module, you need to add rss, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compiling the Gluten Java module, it's required to enable `rss` profile, as follows:
```

```
mvn clean package -Pbackends-velox -Pspark-3.3 -Prss -DskipTests
```

> Then add the paths of Gluten and Spark Celeborn Client packages to class path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add the Gluten and Spark Celeborn Client packages to your Spark application's classpath(usually add them into `$SPARK_HOME/jars`).

- Celeborn: xxxx.jar
- Gluten: xxx.jar
```

Reviewer: replace the `xxxx.jar` with real pattern ...

Author: I think this part can be removed, the package name is not unique, there are different versions.

> Currently to use Gluten following configurations are required in spark-defaults.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently to use Gluten following configurations are required in `spark-defaults.conf`
```

  (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
  the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.
---

# Gluten Support
## Velox Backend

[Gluten](https://github.com/oap-project/gluten) with velox backend supports Celeborn as remote shuffle service. Below introduction is used to enable this feature

First refer to this URL(https://github.com/oap-project/gluten/blob/main/docs/get-started/Velox.md) to build Gluten with velox backend.

When compiling the Gluten Java module, it's required to enable `rss` profile, as follows:

```
mvn clean package -Pbackends-velox -Pspark-3.3 -Prss -DskipTests
```

Then add the Gluten and Spark Celeborn Client packages to your Spark application's classpath(usually add them into `$SPARK_HOME/jars`).

> - Celeborn: celeborn-client-spark-3-shaded_2.12-0.3.0-incubating.jar

Reviewer 2: There's a little doubt about that, we should use gluten compiled for `gluten-celeborn-XXX.jar` or `Celeborn-client-spark-3-shaded_2.12-XXX-incubating.jar`?

Author: The previous Gluten+Celeborn integrated ```celeborn-client-spark-3-shaded_2.12-XXX-incubating.jar``` into the Gluten compilation package, so users only need the Gluten package before.  After this pr (https://github.com/oap-project/gluten/pull/2530) was merged, the Celeborn package was removed from Gluten, so users need to put ```celeborn-client-spark-3-shaded_2.12-XXX-incubating.jar```  in the class path or add it into `$SPARK_HOME/jars`.
